# CS320-SoftwareTestAutomationQA
<ins>How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?</ins>  
To ensure functionality and security of my code, I include input validation where applicable and update any dependencies that have identified and corrected vulnerabilities.  I also include JUnit and integration testing to validate edge cases such as null inputs or inputs that are outside of the acceptable range.  Duplicate entries are also prevented with the integration testing.  
<ins>How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?</ins>  
To understand the customers needs within the program, I schedule a meeting in which we can talk back and forth to clarify specific ambiguities.  Detailing the user needs on a case by case basis allows development teams to eliminate some need to interpret what is being asked.  Once the specifications are identified within this clarification, they can be coded and tested to make sure they are what the customer is asking for.  Presenting early versions of the application or software allows the customer to steer the product in the right direction based on their opinion.  
<ins>How do I approach designing software?</ins>  
I begin software design by identifying what is needed by the software.  When that is ironed out, I begin decomposing the needs into usable classes, functions, and attributes.  Each piece of the product needs to work together in some way or another, and the functions and associations detail in UML diagrams will further explain this for myself and those I am working with.  Building UML class, sequence, and activity diagrams help gather a complete understanding of the software.  Then, tests are built for the classes to complete JUnit testing and integration testing.  The classes are then built to pass the required tests.  I want to build software that works as intented meets all the needs of the customer, so a full design process must be used.
